feat!: Customizable Slashing and Jailing (#2403)
cosmos/interchain-security: docs/docs/features/slashing.md

Reviewer: Please also update https://cosmos.github.io/interchain-security/build/modules/provider, i.e., state, messages, client

Author: fixed [69ec878](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/pull/2403/commits/69ec878bb060642cd82ed11f3a9d7c8a04d2ebf3)

## Downtime Infractions

Downtime infractions are reported by consumer chains and are acted upon on the provider as soon as they are received. 

> The provider will jail and slash the offending validator. The jailing duration and slashing fraction are determined by the consumer's downtime infraction parameters on the provider chain.
> Note that validators are only slashed and jailed for downtime on consumer chains that they opted in to validate on,
> or in the case of Top N chains, where they are automatically opted in by being in the Top N% of the validator set on the provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provider will jail and slash the offending validator. The jailing duration and slashing fraction are determined by the consumer's downtime infraction parameters on the provider chain.
By default, validators are **_only jailed_** for downtime on consumer chains that they opted in to validate on,
or in the case of Top N chains, where they are automatically opted in by being in the Top N% of the validator set on the provider.
```

Author: fixed [69ec878](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/pull/2403/commits/69ec878bb060642cd82ed11f3a9d7c8a04d2ebf3)
